explain what harm (pain) occurs if signaling is not available (#11)
danwing/signaling-use-cases: draft-rwbr-tsvwg-signaling-use-cases.md

those flows to best accomodate the needs of the various applications (on a same host) and
between hosts on a network.

> Without a separate signaling protocol, remote peers are able to mark packets that interfere with the

Reviewer: I'm more comfortable with the following:

```suggestion
Without a signaling in place between a receiving host and its network, remote peers are able to mark packets that interfere with the
```

to authorize the network elements to receive and hopefully to honor the metadata of those
packets.

> Without a separate signaling protocol, remote peers are able to mark every packet of a flow

Reviewer: Idem as above. 

"separate" is not important here as far as the signal is provided.

The value of having "separate" is to factorize the same signaling independent of the application, transport protocol, etc.
